hi I'm Jeffrey Morgan today I'm going to
show you something amazing and new it's
the LG magic remote okay hold it in your
hand it's ergonomically designed it's a
perfect fit they didn't pay a lot of
attention to the design pairing okay
let's get started first of all you have
to register this amazing magic remote
with your LG Smart TV can you locate the
wheel on your remote the button wheel
also functions as the okay button you
can do it all with just one little
button now let's register it points your
remote toward the TV and press down the
ok button tada
so that's it oh yeah that's all there is
to it nice and easy but what if your
registration fails well try your
registration again if the registration
fails you need to reset the remote first
press the home and back buttons
simultaneously keep the buttons pressed
down for five seconds it is no longer
necessary to keep it pointed toward the
TV then you will see a red light on top
of the remote blink three times that
means your remote has been reset now
that your remote is reset you need to
register again
when the battery's run low your smart TV
will let you know replace them like this
simple enough
oh you knew that already yeah good for
you
very simple isn't it pointing howdy
I'm back you know us guys we like to
just sit around and be lazy
especially lying within reach of the
remote so now I'm going to show you
pointing this is the Home Dashboard the
menu looks versatile but it's very
simple to point the remote toward the
menu it's like a mouse just point at
what you want you can go anywhere
without using multiple buttons and arrow
keys and you'll see some crosses you can
do moves like this
and this pretty amazing huh let me show
you an example
go to Settings options and then select
pointer you can calibrate the pointer
speed and change its shape or size as
you want what's good about this is that
you can point the remote in any
direction away from the TV and it still
works nice and simple magic wheel this
wheel comes in handy when you want to
scroll on a web browser also this wheel
allows you to switch quickly between
channels hmm you want to go to your
favorite channel directly no problem
click this icon right there and the
keypad pops up just type in the number
of your favorite Channel and
you had no idea it was this simple huh
the wheel is very useful when you are
viewing maps to zoom in and zoom out how
convenient
magic pattern gesture now let me tell
you about the gesture functions you move
the remote sideways to the right while
holding down the okay button
it will then take you to the previous
channel and you make a V shape you'll
get a list of programs and contents you
watched recently the remote works with
your simple moves this one little device
does everything you needed to magic
magic magic okay
now let's review the functions pairing
pointing
magic wheel magic pattern gesture
so what do you think this magic remote
works just like magic doesn't it